Add grid 4 section (#461)
SeleniumHQ/seleniumhq.github.io: docs_source_files/content/grid4/_index.de.md

---
title: "Selenium Grid"
chapter: true
weight: 9
---

# Selenium Grid 4

{{% notice info %}}
<i class="fas fa-language"></i> Diese Seite wird von Englisch 
auf Deutsch übersetzt. Sprichst Du Deutsch? Hilf uns die Seite 
zu übersetzen indem Du uns einen Pull Reqeust schickst!
 {{% /notice %}}

_Selenium Grid 4_ is a smart proxy server
that allows Selenium tests to route commands to remote web browser instances.
Its aim is to provide an easy way to run tests in parallel on multiple machines.

With Selenium Grid 4,
one server acts as the hub that routes JSON formatted test commands

> to one or more registered Grid 4 nodes.

Reviewer: Can we remove '4' here. While i read it makes me a bit confusion like `Grid for nodes` and later i get it as Grid 4 as this document is for Grid 4. As we are already mentioning Selenium Grid 4 in title, Can we simply say Grid nodes/ registered nodes ?

Tests contact the hub to obtain access to remote browser instances.
The hub has a list of registered servers that it provides access to,
and allows control of these instances.

> Selenium Grid 4 allows us to run tests in parallel on multiple machines,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows us to run tests in parallel on multiple machines,
```
